#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
argon2-cffi==20.1.0
    # via notebook
async-generator==1.10
    # via nbclient
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   visions
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bleach==3.3.0
    # via nbconvert
bottleneck==1.3.2
    # via visions
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via argon2-cffi
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
cycler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   yellowbrick
dask[dataframe]==2021.4.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
deap==1.3.1
    # via tpot
decorator==4.4.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   networkx
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2021.4.1
    # via featuretools
entrypoints==0.3
    # via nbconvert
fastapi==0.65.1
    # via rest-model-service
featuretools==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fsspec==2021.4.0
    # via dask
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
heapdict==1.0.1
    # via zict
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==2.10
    # via requests
imagehash==4.2.0
    # via visions
ipykernel==5.5.5
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traitlets
ipywidgets==7.6.3
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.0
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.0.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tpot
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==6.1.12
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.0
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
locket==0.2.1
    # via partd
markupsafe==2.0.0
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.2
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   yellowbrick
matplotlib-inline==0.1.2
    # via ipython
missingno==0.4.2
    # via pandas-profiling
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
ml-base==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via distributed
multimethod==1.4
    # via visions
nbclient==0.5.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.0.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via nbclient
networkx==2.5.1
    # via visions
notebook==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.19.5
    # via
    #   bottleneck
    #   dask
    #   deap
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   missingno
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tpot
    #   visions
    #   xgboost
    #   yellowbrick
packaging==20.9
    # via bleach
pandas==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   featuretools
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   tpot
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.11.2
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
prometheus-client==0.10.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.8.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.8.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   ml-base
    #   pandas-profiling
pygments==2.9.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via kaggle
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   featuretools
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   rest-model-service
pyzmq==22.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.1.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.9.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   update-checker
rest-model-service==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tpot
    #   yellowbrick
scipy==1.6.3
    # via
    #   featuretools
    #   imagehash
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   tpot
    #   xgboost
    #   yellowbrick
seaborn==0.11.1
    # via
    #   missingno
    #   pandas-profiling
send2trash==1.5.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   imagehash
    #   jsonschema
    #   kaggle
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.3.0
    # via distributed
starlette==0.14.2
    # via fastapi
stopit==1.1.2
    # via tpot
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.1.0
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
tblib==1.7.0
    # via distributed
terminado==0.9.5
    # via notebook
testpath==0.4.4
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==2.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
toolz==0.11.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tpot==0.11.7
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.60.0
    # via
    #   featuretools
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   tpot
traitlets==5.0.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via pydantic
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via tpot
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.13.4
    # via rest-model-service
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.1
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==1.4.2
    # via tpot
yellowbrick==1.3.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
zict==2.0.0
    # via distributed

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
